README.md, before:

# La Liga test

This project is a small web application that features a React and Redux application written from scratch
most of the state of the application is dealt with almost solely by Redux.

While the application could be improved and will be improved in future versions, 
this is meeting the requirements.

##### Observation:  in the briefing of the test the ReqRes library examples are outdated, so I had to educate myself on the API
---

**_NOTE:_**  A tag has been added to identify the commit that needs to be downloaded that was DUE DEADLINE.


# Start
#### Clone the repo from here:

```
git@github.com:MortimerMarsyja/laLigaTest.git
```

#### Open a terminal in the folder you downloaded the project
```
npm install
```

#### Start the project
```
npm start
```

## To do

- Add smaller improvements in the UX of the website, for instance a return button from the user profile, and a home button in the logo

- Memoized version of the selectors to make the loads lighter will be implemented

## Current State

- The application, can log in with credentials provided from the API Req Res
- A user list will be shown
- Users can be accessed, edited their data and deleted
- Fully working paginattion was recently included [Out of deadline]

## Improvements
- A back button should be implemented in the User page
- A log out button should be implemented to get out of the page

This two features would greatly improve the UX of the website

Commit message:

this commit updates the current state of the app for reviewing

README.md, after:

# La Liga test

## Disclosure

> I updated this repo to be up to my current standards I am aware that the latest changes would not be inside of the deadline.
---

This project is a small web application that features a React and Redux application written from scratch
most of the state of the application is dealt with almost solely by Redux.

While the application could be improved and will be improved in future versions, 
this is meeting the requirements.

##### Observation:  in the briefing of the test the ReqRes library examples are outdated, so I had to educate myself on the API
---

**_NOTE:_**  A tag has been added to identify the commit that needs to be downloaded that was DUE DEADLINE.


# Start
#### Clone the repo from here:

```
git@github.com:MortimerMarsyja/laLigaTest.git
```

#### Open a terminal in the folder you downloaded the project
```
npm install
```

#### Start the project
```
npm start
```

## To do

- Memoized version of the selectors to make the loads lighter will be implemented

## Current State

- The application, can log in with credentials provided from the API Req Res
- A user list will be shown
- Users can be accessed, edited their data and deleted
- Fully working paginattion was recently included [Out of deadline]
- Fully working usability cycle

## Improvements
- The only improvement the app could currently have is improving the message to update the inputs 

This two feature would slightly improve the usability of the website
